{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Writing, Science\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
From: Cincinatti\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enbie masc, hates even being considered human\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Height: 5'6\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hair Color: Moss Green\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3 Quotes:\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93I feel like there is never really anyone looking out for us, except for us kids, we have to rely on each other. Maybe they want us to build a sense of camaraderie but honestly it\'92ll just be nice to have the trauma in the future when we\'92re old and bored and need something to look back upon.\'94\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Story Arc: Homer wants to return to the sea, aka the canal where they\'92re always hanging out. They always like swimming and sitting in plants/dirt/nature. They write in mud and have great marks even though they never study. He also enjoys looking over other people\'92s shoulders as they work, taking mental notes and singing limericks in his head about the thing they are doing he does this a lot with Carmeline especially. He is currently dealing the ongoing death of his mother, which has aged him quite a ton. He has a perspective on death and society that most of the other students will get later when they grow up, but he is no longer enthralled by beauties in society that oppress people (ie aesthetics of nazism or shinto nationalism or manifest destiny or british quaintness). In his poetry he writes a lot about these things and shows them to the player. He gives them a chance to respond similarly or reject his thoughts, and then he extrapolates how he feels when they react.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mannerisms: Homer sighs a lot, as if weighed down by the world, ready to sink into it and sleep forever. It is as if he is Atlas but reverse, a gravity pulls him in instead of him suspending the world upon his shoulders. Their inspirations are Atlas, Kurt Vonnegut, Danielle Bunten-Berry, and Contrapoints. They are what the river Styx would be personified as.}