{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Radio and Mathematics\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
From: NYC, manhattan\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enbie fem\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Height: 6\'e2\'80\'99\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hair Color: Dark blue\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3 Quotes:\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Don\'92t touch that diode, my grandmother gave it to me and if you do you\'92ll be imbibed with her waking spirit. Is it a joke? I don\'92t know if I\'92m joking anymore.\'94\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93If you can listen closely to the radio waves, you will hear the songs of the deceased, and then you will hear how they dance and dance to the beat of life.\'94\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Story Arc: You really get into machining if u go on her path, you get to learn about how she\'e2\'80\'99s developing mass-communication radio transmitters that sync with brain waves. She is the \'e2\'80\'9ctrue path.\'e2\'80\uc0\u157  She also has a lot of internalized transphobia and it takes a while for her to come out as nonbinary to you, this connects with her inability to truely express how she\'e2\'80\'99s feeling because it relates so intensely to her internal experience which is not open to you and others.\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mannerisms: She\'e2\'80\'99s always switching radio dials, has the attention span of a trout. She loves like the singing trout novelty item. She\'e2\'80\'99s a little depressed and morose, like she has thoughts that meander and if they do so for too long, they go into dark suicidal places, but she is never quite able to explain how she feels about these thoughts to other people in a way that feels cathartic for both her and the people she is explaining to. She hates Carmeline because she thinks Carmeline doesn\'e2\'80\'99t take the macabre seriously enough. She loves Sylvia Plath and Laurie Anderson.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Appearance: Butch style, has dark blue hair in dreads that fall down with good volume (sort of like gen but bigger), wears a fanny-pack over their chest as a sash-esque to keep their tools in.\uc0\u8232 \
}