{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Week1\
Carnie is mainly found in the Lingua Lounge during this week. She is chipper, talks to you about boxing. She plays board games with Vesuvius Rex.\
\
Week2\
When she is here, Carnie is very brief with you.  Brief, not rude. She\'92s busy with SOMETHING. She will refuse to tell you what it is. You will find her in the weight room. For some reason, she seems to be training like the end of the world is coming. She has a feeling under her skin that something big is about to happen to her but she has no idea what, no way to verbalize it. She says that she\'92s ready to join the boxing ring of the local town, Liver Lung, and that she needs to prove that she should be there and part of the reaving community.\
\
Week3\
Carnie is found in the pit, where she is talking to other patrons. She seems to be looking for a sponsor/coach. One man she talks to specifically, he is that man that will be associated with her kidnapping. If you try to talk to Carnie during this time she will tell you to fuck off, but obviously she is not saying this because she hates you. She is trying to adhere to the social pressure this man is placing upon her to isolate herself from her peers. Near the two of them on the floor is a paper with an address, this is where she will be taken to next week.\
\
Week4\
Carnie is kidnapped and cannot be found around town. This is a major plot-point, people are constantly talking about how she hasn\'92t come to class. She has been kidnapped by the man she was talking to last week.\
\
Week5\
Amongst the students, Major panic ensues because Carnie is gone, but no one knows what to do about it. The administration says that the police are involved but there are no leads. The player is powerless in this situation because they are not a vigilante. The player may encounter Bobby, Vesuvius, and Ernie talking together at the Radio Center while Urania sits and listens to shit, and they will give a plethora of clues they have collected about Carnie\'92s disappearance. This week, if the player keeps going to them, it leads up to solving a mystery that never culminates.\
\
Week6\
Carnie appears on Sunday, you come into school learning that she has returned. If you talk to her about it this week she acts like nothing has happened. Bobby, Vesuvius, and Ernie, if you talk to any of them, will gossip to you about it. Urania is the one that actually knows what happened to Carnie as they are very close with them. They will tell you this and they will tell you that they will not tell you what happened.\
\
Week7\
Carnie is very stressed about midterms because she feels behind on school. You have the option to help her study or not. She can be found in the Lingua Lounge. It is impossible to talk to her about anything that doesn\'92t have to do with school, it\'92s almost as if she is hiding her response to the kidnapping, she will not crack.\
\
Week8\
Carnie will not talk, her appearance is obviously tired.\
\
Week9\
Carnie can be found at the pit, beating her irritation out onto some poor man.\
\
Week10\
If the player has not spent a lot of time with Carnie, they will find her making out with someone in the back field. If they have spent a lot of time with her, she will invite them to make out with her at the back field. She is not emotionally attached to them yet, she is just horny, she says.\
\
Week11\
Carnie can be found at the pit, throughout the conversation the player notices that she\'92s started drinking a bit. She tends to gossip a lot (about vesuvius, about other things) and does not acknowledge having slept with anyone, whether the player or not.\
}