{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Vesuvius Rex
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Board games and language\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
From: Chicago\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Scum man\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Height: 5'8\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hair Color: Yellow with brown lowlights\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3 Quotes:\'a0\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"By my calculations, you are pretty fucking cool."\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Woah woah, hold on, I'm getting a beep-beep-beep read you are not about these semantics we are doing together right now."\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"If you were asking me, and you're not, but if you were to ask me, I would put that piece like about three spaces over, just for the best outcome, you know?"\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Story Arc: Help him become one with the board game community, help him figure out why his ego is always in the way and why he feels its immediate he always wins the games he plays. This manifests in the way he treats other people as well, he min-maxes his surroundings in a way that is not healthy for human function.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mannerisms:\'c2\'a0 He scratches his cheek when thinking, and he thinks a lot. He very much likes to one-up his peers with information he knows, or strategy. He thinks he's amazing at strategy but he isn't that amazing at strategy. He's okay at it. From a young age, because he wasn't great at sports, and because he was a boy, he has been conditioned to think he's a genius. At school he's okay, but he's good at board games because they're his favorite thing. He also is very interested in getting into BDSM culture, as it\'92s a way he thinks he can explore his sexuality without being gay and can play out his power fantasies in it. He's really good at learning languages, specifically weird words in them, though. He loves Vlaada Chvatil and Frank Zappa.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Appearance: short-sleeved trenchcoat, fingerless gloves, hair shaped like the kid in invader zim, maybe glasses? High cheekbones, some scruff, nicer pants, maybe steel toe shoes\uc0\u8232 \
}